Message from Bich Thuy: "Auntie, it's almost Tet (Lunar New Year), and
going back home means my family will nag me again. I'm so
stressed and fed up. My
family keeps urging me to get married. I
just want to find a husband who
loves me and knows how to share with his wife.
But many people at my company, and even my
older sister, have been married twice and are
unhappy. I'm so scared. Do you have
any advice for
me and other women who are in the same situation this Tet?" That is,
how should I respond to my
family? It's easy to say, "I'm getting to
know a few people, but I have
n't found anyone who
meets my standards yet. I
don't want to marry a
husband who drinks, gambles, is unfaithful, or
beats and abuses me. I'm still picky. Can you
help me find someone who meets those
standards and introduce them to me?"
That's a smart answer, and you should also tell your parents, "Mom and Dad, I
haven't found someone like that yet."  So,
this trip I plan to take is to
accumulate merit and find a husband.
I'm going to the temple to do good deeds and accumulate merit to find a husband. If I'm fortunate, I'll find a good husband; if I'm not, I'll find a bad husband. So I'm going to the temple to do good deeds and accumulate
merit to find a husband. I'll wish my parents a Happy New Year, and
then I'll only stay for one or
two days during the three days of Tet. Students or working people can take
days off to go to the temple to accumulate merit and find a
husband. If I can do the work, I'll pray to the Buddha: "Namo Buddha Shakyamuni." I am a lay Buddhist disciple; I haven't had the opportunity to become a monk yet. Today I'm doing good deeds and dedicating
this merit to repenting for the sins I committed in many past lives, for the betrayal and mistreatment of my husband or wife. I dedicate this merit to repenting
to all beings I have wronged,
dedicating the blessings to them, praying
that wherever they are born, they will
become good husbands, wives, or
children, and that they will encounter the true
Dharma to practice. I also dedicate
this merit so that I may have the opportunity to
meet virtuous people who believe in
karma and its consequences.  Living the life of a layperson,
knowing how to abandon evil, contributing to the community, upholding the Three Jewels, and
studying the Buddha's teachings—if you do that,
the fruits of merit will come.
[Music]